all right
a dew of tears of pain fell on
the blue city was the farewell of the
13 victims of the traffic accident
happened at dawn on Saturday, the 16th
March
until the sky showed his nostalgia
dropping raindrops on the
green grass pelileo stadium where
the funeral honors of
who were labeled heroes of the
work and people of all conditions
social and creed participated in the
religious ceremony officiated by
monsignor german pabon bridge bishop of
ambato and pastors of canton churches
thousands of children from different
points and locations arrived hurriedly
to dismiss those who left a
profound legacy of work and effort and
the marketing of clothing
pain and sadness evidenced the
faces of those who lost children
husbands parents as wondering the
Why death but with certainty
that you will be missed forever
to the place arrived civil authorities of
military who showed solidarity with
the pain of the relatives
but solidarity our hug
the funeral procession advanced to his home
eternal the musical notes of the band
municipal government stoked the feeling of
despite the companions while in
the survivors were still fresh
the memories of the moments lived in
that gray and dark early morning
with camera of gallo altamirano martha
gabriela i heal a max